good to all how is it is good
I bring in life I'll see what comes out
here we will see why we play against
the next
and many people have told me that they are
liking rock but why not
I put the intro met second I do not put
the intro because he recorded a lot is worth and he does not
loses a lot of time rendering a
video imagine with the intro or is it
more time and imagine why I'm
doing nonsense because he's here
playing I do not know what what I say that is
to cut time
let's see why before playing against
it seems to me and only the players are
the next ones are religion
and you will understand why if it happens what
has to happen are the patterns we're going to
see where crocodiles are but not
go to S
I have to put on the dirty classes
but I hope you understand
but who understands it
do not scream
the age that is there but let's go the
Christianity
to have projects please do not tell me
kill if we kill 12
son of a bitch what bad luck I have
uncle
up to the truth
and two guys were missing for good luck
we have the cobra
over here, it's going to come
Well I wish I want that
also if you're liking the series that
I'm recording together from the road
tour I like me without problem I'm going to
keep recording I do not know when I'll upload this
but serious four chapters I think that
they were and I still have to go up even more
I have to record more to finish the
series obviously if you do not like it then
he left her half
I decided you already know
now
how they shout are not French what they are
the whole greater religion was here
but what a dick uncle
with the evidence
That's the worst thing that bothers me
a streak so superficially
I have returned the pineapple you know
bad luck god
i
die fucking
and here they come here
new last battle I arrive this
dual fuck that I
you have seen the last shit is that the
last the last judas uncle
the best thing to do
the base in Malaysia at the last dinner is
that gives much more with what I swear
integrally
I'm not from playing with weapons so very
beautiful but I like to fuck the
People fuck me if I take yojoa
It's like I see it
we go to the projects in charge of the
good 28 6 let's mute the corral
because it was my mother I hope you
have liked and nothing that thank you very much
as always and until next time